I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Windy Castle!
Peppa and her family are
going out for the day.
Peppa, George,
today We are going to
Windy Castle!
What's Windy Castle, Daddy?
It's a castle on a very high hill!
George likes castles.
Windy Castle sounds like
a boring thing for boys.
No, Peppa, you'll love it.
There's a great view
from the top of Windy Castle.
You can even see Granny
and Grandpa's house!
Wow! Let's go!
I'll map-read and
Mummy Pig Will drive.
Are you sure, Daddy Pig?
When you map-read,
We always get lost
and you get grumpy.
We Will not get lost
and I Will not get grumpy.
Windy Castle, here We come!
Are We nearly there yet?
Not quite.
Oh.
Would you like
to play a game?
Yes, please. Let's play
''I Spy!''
Okay. I'll go first.
Daddy Pig has to secretly
look at something
and the others have to guess What it is.
I spy With my little eye,
something colored ''red''.
Red? My dress!
That's red!
No. It's not your dress.
Hmmmm.
The car!
That's right!
Our red car.
My go. I spy With my little eye,
something ''blue''
Hmmm...
George's blue shirt!
Nope.
ls it something in the car?
No. Give up?
Yes.
The sky! The blue sky!
I Win.
Daddy Pig? Do you
know Where We are?
I know exactly Where We are.
Although... this road
doesn't look the same
as it does on the map.
Oh, Daddy Pig!
We're lost!
We are not lost.
So how do We get to
Windy Castle from here?
Just give me a moment.
Hmmmm!
I know, We can ring
Granny and Grandpa.
There's no need to ring
I'll get us to Windy Castle,
if it takes me all day.
We haven't got all day.
Hello, Grandpa Pig speaking.
Grandpa Pig,
We've got a bit lost
on the Way to Windy Castle.
ls Daddy Pig doing
the map-reading?
Yes, Daddy Pig is doing
the map-reading.
And he's a bit grumpy
at the moment.
I am not grumpy.
This is the best route:
keep on the main road
until you see Windy Castle
up ahead.
Thank you, Grandpa Pig.
We follow the main road
and look out for Windy Castle.
As I thought.
Look!
ls that a castle?
Yes! It's Windy Castle!
Come on, car!
Come on, car! You can make it!
Hurray!
Peppa and her family have
arrived at Windy Castle.
Wow! It's so tall!
Let's go inside. The view
from the top is fantastic!
Wow!
Look at the view!
Mummy, is that Granny and
Grandpa's house?
Yes, it is!
It's so far away!
Let's take a look
through the telescope.
Can I look first, please?
Yes, but you must let
George look next.
Wow!
The telescope makes
everything look bigger.
I can see
Granny and Grandpa!
Look, George!
Ganggy lg! Baba lg!
George is Waving at
Granny and Grandpa Pig.
Silly George!
Granny and Grandpa are
too far away to see you Waving!
I know! We can ring them!
Hello?
Grandpa Pig! We can see you
from Windy Castle!
Wave at us!
Granny and Grandpa
are Waving at us!
I love Windy Castle!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.